
Dear Editor,

we apologize for the delayed reply, partly due to the first author
leaving the field.  We have brought a new author, Dr Haoran Yu, on
board to finish the revisions.

We found the referee’s comments and suggestions helpful, and according
to the major comments, we added an additional KS test on how well
Poisson and Weibull distributions fit the FRB data. They are described
in an additional paragraph in section 5.1 and the new Appendix B.
The Weibull improves the absolute KS test, but is still not a perfect fit.

Below is the reply to the referee. 

Sincerely,

Authors




MN-17-1609-MJ

This paper presents a straightforward analytical estimate of the
clustering behaviour of fast radio bursts by fitting the observed
burst times to a Weibull distribution, which reduces to a Poisson
distribution (no clustering) for a specific choice of the Weibull
shape parameter k.

Especially as this analysis can help guide future observations by
helping optimise observing strategy this is a useful paper.  It is
largely acceptable for publication as-is.  However, a few minor
additions should make it stronger.

First, the analysis presented in this paper is purely parametrised by
the Weibull distribution.  There is no sense of how well a Poisson
distribution alone fits (or does not fit) the data.  The authors
should perform some analysis of the public FRB data comparing the
measured event rates (or intervals) to Poisson values.  This would
help highlight just how poor the Poisson model is.  Some sense of this
can be gleaned from Figure 4, but that only compares two models, not
one model and data.


Second, there is no goodness-of-fit for the Weibull distribution.
Just showing that the parameter k is not consistent with 1 is not 
sufficient evidence that the data are well-fit by this model.  The
authors should add some discussion of how well (or not) the Weibull
model fits (Bayes factor, chi^2, or similar).

> Answer: We added a paragraph in 5.1 doing KS tests for Poisson
> (exponential) and Weibull distributions. In KS test, the data do
> not agree Poissonian model at level alpha~10^-6 however Weibull
> model fits the data relatively better. We did 3 KS tests on 3 kinds
> of intervals assuming a Weibull distribution, and the alpha values
> are 1.46, ~10^-4, and 0.37. We discussed in the paper that FRB
> detections are by chance located in short observations, and especially
> near the start/end of observations causes the discrepancy. However
> it is still much better than using a Poissonian model.
 
> We also added Appendix B describing more details of the distribution 
> of three kinds of intervals, for doing the KS tests.



Smaller items:

Footnote 1 should be introduced earlier in Section 4 (near Equation 5)
since that is the first use of the different P symbols.
Answer: modified. Thanks.

Note that in footnote 2, there is a typo.  The text should read
"... the cumulative distribution function may also be 1 - CDF.”
> Answer: now we used CCDF as “complimentary cumulative distribution function”, 
> and deleted this footnote.

In Figures 3 and 4 the blue and green curves are hard to distinguish.
The authors should make one of the colors more distinct and/or change
one of the line styles.

> Answer: we will defer to the editor.  The paper is meant to be
> accessible in a black and white printed version, and we have
> added a minor change of 'straight' to the orange line such that 
> no color information is essential for the description of the figure.


Figure 6: the numerical value of the factor by which the Poisson
distribution has been increased (and which has been subtracted from
the plotted distribution) should be given.

> Answer: the value is the posterior of the rate r=5.7. Added in the caption of Fig.6.



